chore(drawer): link sample for syncing selected item (#490)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/drawer-sync-selected-item.md

---
title: How to select drawer item if menu page is opened by using its URL
description: How to select the correct drawer item when you don't navigate with the drawer
type: troubleshooting
page_title: Sync Drawer item selection with external navigation
slug: drawer-kb-sync-selected-item
position: 
tags: 
ticketid: 1530772
res_type: kb
---

## Environment
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>Product</td>
			<td>Drawer for Blazor</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

> ## Description

Reviewer: Copy-pasting the ticket contents as is does not necessarily guarantee capturing the best possible customer context. Consider fixing the customer's grammar and spelling, and improve SEO with applicable keywords.

Author: Absolutely.

> I'm using the drawer component for navigation purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm using the Drawer component for navigation purposes.
```

> A click on a drawer item calls the sub page as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A click on a Drawer item calls the sub page as intended.
```

> However if I call a sub page directly by URL the corresponding drawer item doesn't get selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However if I call a sub page directly by URL, the corresponding Drawer item doesn't get selected.
```

> It might be confusing for a user if he call a sub page directly and no drawer item get selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It might be confusing for a user if they open a sub page directly and no Drawer item gets selected.
```
